
How to Get Involved

Verse By Verse Ministry International (VBVM) is largely a volunteer community
of believers in Jesus Christ, who desire to see the word of God learned, taught and
lived out by Christians worldwide. If you share our vision, you can be a part of our
work for the glory of Christ.

There are many ways you can get involved, stay connected and help us reach a
larger audience, while sharing your experiences with our community of volunteers
and followers. Explore the links below to learn more.

We thank you in advance for your time, talent and treasure, and we commit to
making the most of every resource the Lord sends us for the glory of His Name
and Kingdom!

PRAY FOR OUR MINISTRY

No meaningful work of ministry can be accomplished without prayer, so we
greatly value your prayer support. Please pray daily for wisdom for our leaders and
teachers, for the Lord to bring us many listeners to hear our teaching, and for the
provision to sustain our work and expand our reach.

HOST A TEACHING EVENT

Our ministry serves the Lord by teaching His word, and we send teachers around
the world to conduct local speaking events in churches, community centers,
schools and anywhere we're invited. We teach audiences large and small but
always in our trademark verse-by-verse style.

Let us conduct an event in your community! We travel and teach at the invitation
of any church, pastor or individual with a ready audience and venue. We never
charge a fee, pass a collection plate, charge admission or expect an honorarium for
our travel or teaching services. We place no barrier between the word of God and
those who wish to learn.

Contact us for more information or to schedule a speaking event. Please
understand our speaking resources are limited, so we regret we cannot accept every
invitation.

FUND OUR WORK

Our ministry is funded entirely through donations. We charge nothing for our
materials and services, so that we can bless the most people possible with God's
word. We are confident that no work of God has failed due to a lack of funding, so
we trust the Lord to provide for every work He desires. By operating on a trust in
the Lord to provide, we are free to concentrate our focus on teaching, counseling,
and helping others in Jesus' Name.

Each year, more and more people discover Verse By Verse Ministry and seek our
help, so each year we need donations to grow if we’re to meet this demand. We
hope you will consider whether the Lord is asking you to support our work
financial, either through a one-time contribution or by monthly giving.

Verse By Verse Ministry International is a 501(c)(3), non-profit organization
approved by the Internal Revenue Service as a charity, so all contribution are taxdeductible.
Every dollar we receive is devoted to the work of our ministry and
carefully managed to ensure Biblical accountability. Please consider whether the
Lord is calling you to support our work. Contributing online takes only a couple of
minutes, but will make a huge difference for the Kingdom.

Will you help us reach more people hungry for God's word? Donate now.